keyword : package
identifier : cn
separator : .
identifier : yufan
separator : .
identifier : infomanager
separator : .
identifier : utils
separator : ;
keyword : import
identifier : java
separator : .
identifier : awt
separator : .
operator : *
separator : ;
keyword : import
identifier : java
separator : .
identifier : awt
separator : .
identifier : image
separator : .
identifier : BufferedImage
separator : ;
keyword : import
identifier : java
separator : .
identifier : util
separator : .
identifier : Random
separator : ;
keyword : public
keyword : class
identifier : Captcha
separator : {
keyword : private
keyword : int
identifier : width
operator : =
integer : 100
separator : ;
keyword : private
keyword : int
identifier : height
operator : =
integer : 30
separator : ;
keyword : private
keyword : int
identifier : length
operator : =
integer : 4
separator : ;
keyword : private
identifier : String
identifier : dict
operator : =
string : "0123456789ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ"
separator : ;
keyword : private
keyword : static
keyword : final
identifier : Random
identifier : random
operator : =
keyword : new
identifier : Random
separator : (
separator : )
separator : ;
keyword : private
keyword : static
identifier : Captcha
identifier : captcha
separator : ;
keyword : private
identifier : Captcha
separator : (
separator : )
separator : {
separator : }
keyword : public
keyword : static
identifier : Captcha
identifier : getInstance
separator : (
separator : )
separator : {
keyword : if
separator : (
identifier : captcha
operator : ==
keyword : null
separator : )
identifier : captcha
operator : =
keyword : new
identifier : Captcha
separator : (
separator : )
separator : ;
keyword : return
identifier : captcha
separator : ;
separator : }
keyword : public
keyword : void
identifier : resize
separator : (
keyword : int
identifier : width
separator : ,
keyword : int
identifier : height
separator : )
separator : {
keyword : this
separator : .
identifier : width
operator : =
identifier : width
separator : ;
keyword : this
separator : .
identifier : height
operator : =
identifier : height
separator : ;
separator : }
keyword : public
keyword : void
identifier : setLength
separator : (
keyword : int
identifier : length
separator : )
separator : {
keyword : this
separator : .
identifier : length
operator : =
identifier : length
separator : ;
separator : }
keyword : public
keyword : void
identifier : setDict
separator : (
identifier : String
identifier : dict
separator : )
separator : {
keyword : this
separator : .
identifier : dict
operator : =
identifier : dict
separator : ;
separator : }
keyword : public
keyword : int
identifier : getWidth
separator : (
separator : )
separator : {
keyword : return
identifier : width
separator : ;
separator : }
keyword : public
keyword : int
identifier : getHeight
separator : (
separator : )
separator : {
keyword : return
identifier : height
separator : ;
separator : }
keyword : public
identifier : String
identifier : generateCode
separator : (
separator : )
separator : {
identifier : StringBuilder
identifier : code
operator : =
keyword : new
identifier : StringBuilder
separator : (
separator : )
separator : ;
keyword : char
identifier : c
separator : ;
keyword : for
separator : (
keyword : int
identifier : i
operator : =
integer : 0
separator : ;
identifier : i
operator : <
identifier : length
separator : ;
identifier : i
operator : ++
separator : )
separator : {
identifier : c
operator : =
identifier : dict
separator : .
identifier : charAt
separator : (
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
identifier : dict
separator : .
identifier : length
separator : (
separator : )
separator : )
separator : )
separator : ;
identifier : code
separator : .
identifier : append
separator : (
identifier : c
separator : )
separator : ;
separator : }
keyword : return
identifier : code
separator : .
identifier : toString
separator : (
separator : )
separator : ;
separator : }
keyword : public
identifier : BufferedImage
identifier : generateImg
separator : (
identifier : String
identifier : code
separator : )
separator : {
identifier : BufferedImage
identifier : image
operator : =
keyword : new
identifier : BufferedImage
separator : (
identifier : width
separator : ,
identifier : height
separator : ,
identifier : BufferedImage
separator : .
identifier : TYPE_INT_RGB
separator : )
separator : ;
identifier : Graphics
identifier : graphics
operator : =
identifier : image
separator : .
identifier : getGraphics
separator : (
separator : )
separator : ;
identifier : graphics
separator : .
identifier : setColor
separator : (
identifier : Color
separator : .
identifier : white
separator : )
separator : ;
identifier : graphics
separator : .
identifier : fillRect
separator : (
integer : 0
separator : ,
integer : 0
separator : ,
identifier : width
separator : ,
identifier : height
separator : )
separator : ;
identifier : Font
identifier : font
operator : =
keyword : new
identifier : Font
separator : (
string : "segoe print"
separator : ,
identifier : Font
separator : .
identifier : BOLD
operator : +
identifier : Font
separator : .
identifier : ITALIC
separator : ,
integer : 20
separator : )
separator : ;
identifier : graphics
separator : .
identifier : setFont
separator : (
identifier : font
separator : )
separator : ;
keyword : for
separator : (
keyword : int
identifier : i
operator : =
integer : 0
separator : ;
identifier : i
operator : <
identifier : length
separator : ;
identifier : i
operator : ++
separator : )
separator : {
identifier : graphics
separator : .
identifier : setColor
separator : (
keyword : new
identifier : Color
separator : (
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
integer : 256
separator : )
separator : ,
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
integer : 256
separator : )
separator : ,
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
integer : 256
separator : )
separator : )
separator : )
separator : ;
identifier : graphics
separator : .
identifier : drawString
separator : (
identifier : String
separator : .
identifier : valueOf
separator : (
identifier : code
separator : .
identifier : charAt
separator : (
identifier : i
separator : )
separator : )
separator : ,
identifier : i
operator : *
separator : (
identifier : width
operator : /
identifier : length
separator : )
operator : +
integer : 4
separator : ,
separator : (
keyword : int
separator : )
separator : (
identifier : height
operator : *
float : 0.7
separator : )
separator : )
separator : ;
separator : }
keyword : for
separator : (
keyword : int
identifier : i
operator : =
integer : 0
separator : ;
identifier : i
operator : <
identifier : width
separator : ;
identifier : i
operator : ++
separator : )
separator : {
identifier : graphics
separator : .
identifier : setColor
separator : (
keyword : new
identifier : Color
separator : (
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
integer : 256
separator : )
separator : ,
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
integer : 256
separator : )
separator : ,
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
integer : 256
separator : )
separator : )
separator : )
separator : ;
identifier : graphics
separator : .
identifier : drawOval
separator : (
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
identifier : width
separator : )
separator : ,
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
identifier : height
separator : )
separator : ,
integer : 1
separator : ,
integer : 1
separator : )
separator : ;
separator : }
keyword : for
separator : (
keyword : int
identifier : i
operator : =
integer : 0
separator : ;
identifier : i
operator : <
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
integer : 3
separator : )
operator : +
integer : 1
separator : ;
identifier : i
operator : ++
separator : )
separator : {
identifier : graphics
separator : .
identifier : setColor
separator : (
keyword : new
identifier : Color
separator : (
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
integer : 256
separator : )
separator : ,
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
integer : 256
separator : )
separator : ,
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
integer : 256
separator : )
separator : )
separator : )
separator : ;
identifier : graphics
separator : .
identifier : drawLine
separator : (
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
identifier : width
operator : /
integer : 5
separator : )
separator : ,
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
identifier : height
separator : )
separator : ,
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
identifier : width
operator : *
integer : 4
operator : /
integer : 5
separator : )
separator : ,
identifier : random
separator : .
identifier : nextInt
separator : (
identifier : height
separator : )
separator : )
separator : ;
separator : }
keyword : return
identifier : image
separator : ;
separator : }
separator : }
